Introduce the Sway reference, a more technical Sway source of documentation. (#2562)
FuelLabs/sway: sway-book/src/documentation/language/variables/let.md

# let

The `let` keyword is used to assign a value to a variable during run-time. It can only be used inside of a [function](../functions/index.md) and its value can be changed when declared as [mutable](#mutable).

## Immutable

We can declare a variable that cannot have its value changed in the following way.

```sway
{{#include ../../../code/language/variables/src/lib.sw:immutable}}
```

> By default `foo` is an immutable [`u64`](../built-ins/index.md#primitive-types) with the value of `5`. This means that we can pass `foo` around and its value can be read however it cannot have its value changed from `5` to any other number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default `foo` is an immutable [`u64`](../built-ins/index.md#primitive-types) with the value of `5`. This means that we can pass `foo` around and its value can be read, but it cannot have its value changed from `5` to any other value.
```
